How to join the Butterfly-network (#272)
filecoin-project/lotus-docs: content/en/kb/butterfly-network/index.md

---

> title: "How to join the Butterfly network."

Reviewer: Can we make it say Butterfly (test). We need to make is very clear that this is a test network.

> description: "A guide for how you can join the Butterfly network"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "A guide to join the Butterfly network"
```

date: 2022-03-17T12:00:35+01:00
lastmod: 2021-11-16T12:00:35+01:00
draft: false
menu:
  kb:
    parent: "browse"
toc: false
pinned: false

> types: ["solution"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
types: ["article"]
```

> areas: ["Lotus Node", "Lotus Miner"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
areas: ["Butterfly Network", "Lotus Build"]
```

---

> ## Problem

Reviewer: We don't need to follow problem/solution format here. This is not a solution but an article. 
```suggestion
## Butterfly Network
```

> How to join the `Butterfly` network.

Reviewer: We need to add full description here about butterfly net.
purpose
Use case
How to check notification for reset
Possible reset reasons
Why should you join it

Author: I added description about the network/purpose/reset notifications/subscription.

 Not sure if we should add `possible reset reasons` and `Why should you join it` just yet, as it´s still mostly an internal development network that happens to be open to everybody. If we change it to a more open developer network at some point, I think we should add those points though! Wdyt?

Reviewer: Fair enough.

> ## Resolution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Steps to join butterfly network
```

> The `Butterfly` testnetwork is mostly an internal development and test network used by the Lotus team. Its usecase is mostly for short term testing, and should not be used for something that needs a long time operating network. To get updates about the Butterfly test network it´s recommended to follow the `#lotus-butterfly` channel in the Filecoin Slack, as well as subscribing to [network updates](https://status.filecoin.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Butterfly` test network is mostly an internal development and test network used by the Lotus team. It is used for short term testing, and should not be used for something that needs a long time operating network. To get updates about the Butterfly test network it is recommended to follow the `#lotus-butterfly` channel in the Filecoin Slack, as well as subscribing to [network updates](https://status.filecoin.io).
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Butterfly` network supports sector size of 512MiB, 32GiB and 64GiB.

```

{{< alert icon="warning" >}}
The `Butterfly` network can not be considered a stable network and may be reset or upgraded at any moment with little notice.
{{< /alert >}}

Clone and checkout a release or branch as explained in the [build and install Lotus]({{< relref "../../lotus/install/linux/#build-and-install-lotus" >}}) guide.

> To join the `Butterfly` network, simply build Lotus by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To join the `Butterfly` network, build Lotus with below commands:
```

```shell
make clean
make butterflynet
make install
```

> The `Butterfly` network supports three sector sizes, 512MiB, 32GiB and 64GiB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
